[]

[]

  - |
  - |
  - |
  - |
  - |

  -

[]

[]

     []
 
Ground Zero Mosque Bus Ad Showing Plane, Burning Buildings Approved (PHOTO)
 
  -
  -

NEW YORK ?? New York City's transit agency has approved a bus advertisement that depicts a plane flying toward the World Trade Center's towers as they burn along with a rendering of a proposed mosque near ground zero.

The ad was paid for by the American Freedom Defense Initiative, an organization that opposes radical Islamic influence in the United States. The group's executive director says she doesn't find the ad offensive.

The group sued the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to demand it accept the ad, which was approved Monday.

[]

MTA spokesman Kevin Ortiz says the agency doesn't endorse the ad's views.

The plan for a mosque just blocks from the World Trade Center site has ignited a national debate about the limits of tolerance and the symbolism of ground zero.

  -

NEW YORK ?? New York City's transit agency has approved a bus advertisement that depicts a plane flying toward the World Trade Center's towers as they burn along with a rendering of a proposed mosque...

NEW YORK ?? New York City's transit agency has approved a bus advertisement that depicts a plane flying toward the World Trade Center's towers as they burn along with a rendering of a proposed mosque...

Hamas Leader: Mosque Near Ground Zero Must Be Built  Imam At Center Of 'Ground Zero Mosque' Controversy Assisted Bush-Era State Department With Outreach To Muslims  White House: Anti-Muslim Rhetoric Spurred By Mosque Debate Not Yet 'Dangerous'  Paterson: If 'Ground Zero Mosque' Moves, State Will Help

[] Hamas Leader: Mosque Near Ground Zero Must Be Built NEW YORK ?? A Hamas
   leader says Muslims "have to build" a mosque near ground zero. Mahmoud
   al-Zahar said Muslims "have to build everywhere" so...
[] Imam At Center Of 'Ground Zero Mosque' Controversy Assisted Bush-Era
   State Department With Outreach To Muslims The more you dig into the
   wild-eyed frenzy over the so-called "ground zero mosque" (by which, of
   course, I mean the "ground-zero mosque" that the...
[] White House: Anti-Muslim Rhetoric Spurred By Mosque Debate Not Yet
   'Dangerous' The White House has steadfastly refused to weigh in heavily
   on the debate surrounding the construction of an Islamic cultural center
   blocks away from the...
[] Paterson: If 'Ground Zero Mosque' Moves, State Will Help ALBANY, N.Y. #
   New York Gov. David Paterson offered state help Tuesday if the developers
   of a mosque near the site of the Sept. 11...
Stuart Whatley: Democratic Values, Islam and the Judeo-Christian Tradition Fallacy    Stephan Salisbury: Extremism at Ground Zero (Again)    Sally Steenland: Correcting the Distorted Lens of Islamophobia    Dean Obeidallah: Why Building the Mosque is Good for America!    Zahra Khan: The Potpourri Resolution for a Ground Zero Mosque    Dr. David P. Gushee: The Shameful Mosque Controversy

 Stuart Whatley: Democratic Values, Islam and the Judeo-Christian Tradition
 Fallacy Models for pluralistic societies based on liberal democratic values
 exist throughout the historical landscape, independent of the
 Judeo-Christian tradition. It bodes well that they may be freely adopted by
 all cultures.
 Stephan Salisbury: Extremism at Ground Zero (Again) The mosque controversy
 is not really about a mosque at all; it's about the presence of Muslims in
 America, and the free-floating anxiety and fear that now dominate the
 nation's psyche.
 Sally Steenland: Correcting the Distorted Lens of Islamophobia We need to
 be more informed about Islam and its followers and push back against hate
 speech and fear-based rhetoric that lumps one of the world's greatest and
 most diverse faiths into a monolithic block.
 Dean Obeidallah: Why Building the Mosque is Good for America! Where can the
 Muslim community center be built in NYC? I say you can build it here or
 there, by a house or a mouse, in Tribeca by Robert DeNiro or further down
 by Ground Zero. It's that simple.
 Zahra Khan: The Potpourri Resolution for a Ground Zero Mosque Adherents to
 Islam form a vulnerable racial minority before a prejudiced media that uses
 religious misnomers like "Islamic terrorist" to develop public support for
 attacking adherents to Islam, a word that literally means "Peace."
 Dr. David P. Gushee: The Shameful Mosque Controversy A longstanding effort
 to build a Muslim center that ended up being near what became "Ground Zero"
 has become Exhibit A in the contest between popular passion and
 constitutional principle.
 
videos about Ground Zero Mosque
 
[]  []  []  []

[]

 FOX2News Mosque Developer Faces More Money Woes: Valley National Bank is
 suing Ground Zero mosque developer Sharif el Gamal... http://bit.ly/9zNLEF
 1 day ago from twitterfeed
 
[]

 myfoxphoenix Top Story: Mosque Developer Faces More Money Woes: Valley
 National Bank is suing Ground Zero mosque developer Shar...
 http://bit.ly/9MN6zM 1 day ago from twitterfeed
 
[]

 myfoxla Mosque Developer Faces More Money Woes: Valley National Bank is
 suing Ground Zero mosque developer Sharif el Gamal... http://bit.ly/ajyYTG
 1 day ago from twitterfeed
 
[]

|

2,921

0

|

  (41total)

I don't much agree with Charles Krauthammer, though I respect his point of view. In this instance, he gives the most reasoned arguement why the Mosque should be built elsewhere.

 http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/08/12/AR2010081204996.html

This is getting stupid. Give New York back to the Native Americans.

The Dutch bought it for beads....there was a transaction.

So, I guess we are not in a recession anymore, since people have money for such frivolities.

These religious zealots will turn another great city into another "muslim" enforced bureaucracy headed up by mayor bloomberg. Don't believe me? Then check what happens when American Christians are set upon by Dearbornistan muslims.
 
http://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=fEPod-hxD7g

I think you are grossly exaggerating the situation. I have a few Muslim friends who live in Queens and they are both businessman, helping build a better America. It will take time for Americans who do not have any Muslim friends to realize this.
 
I would be more afraid of the tea party and right wing propaganda that is destroying this country and spreading hate. Its interesting when you compare foxnews.com headlines with other news agencies.

joe so because some muslims dont like being recorded...this is proof of Sharia law...How???

 I have seen plently of videos of christians doing the same thing...proof of christian law???

"So supporting the constitution is now antichristian/american...who ever doubted many on the right would want a theocracy of their own! "
 
I think you missed my point, I don't want an Islamic mosque next to ground zero anymore than I want a Japanese memorial next to the Arizona.

"Then I dont want a worthless x-tain church near a womens clinic."
 
Good luck in your endeavors.

These people come from the same muck that would put up a picture of Willie Horton to call for segregation.

Maybe they should watch:
 
9/11: Press for Truth
(2006)
Based partly on Paul Thompson's book The Terrorr Timeline, this documentary chronicles the efforts of family members who lost loved ones in the 9/11 attack as they hound powerful officials to uncover the truth. The families succeed in generating an independent investigation, but more questions than answers emerge as the film spotlights secretive politicians, buried news items, government press conferences lacking substance and more.

To paraphrase Pennylane2:
 
9/11 has ALWAYS been about capitalizing on people's fears -
 
It has worked because we don't think or analyze things properly when we give way to fear. We make ourselves willing victims when we allow fear to govern our responses.
 
Could it be that targeting "Islam" is primarily a deceitful justification for attacking oil-rich nations that happen to be located in the Middle-East?

PuffDragon;
Well, after all it IS our oil underneath THEIR sand.
 
Isn't it?
 
??Yes We Will !??Take The Pledge today?? *FWIW*

If people keep reacting on their emotions and not on their common sense, idiots like Palin and Gingrich are going to take away more freedoms than being able to directly board a plane before 9/11. Soon they will look back fondly to the days when they had to stand in line to be screened, patted down and xrayed!

 Attacking any religion's right to build where it wants in the good ole U.S.A, is an attack on our Constitution. And a huge poster for recruiting more terrorists. They'll have a picture of Uncle Sam with his arm out, hand up, saying, "Stop! We don't want your Isalamic religion! And below it one with bin Laden hand waving , saying, "Come! We'll defend Islam!"

You really should read this well thought out op-ed by Charles Krauthammer on this subject. Perhaps you will think about this differently.

 http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/08/12/AR2010081204996.html

Please -- just stop it with the "blame Islam" nonsense.
 
WTC 7 wasn't even hit by a plane, and collapsed in exactly the same manner as the Twin Towers: at nearly free-fall speed, symmetrically, simultaneously and completely into its own footprint: straight down, through the path of greatest resistance.
 
75 stories of structural steel don't give way like that, just because there's a fire somewhere inside. Explosives had to have been used to remove support beams from below to accomplish this kind of collapse.
 
9/11 WTC demolition was not accomplished by Islamic radicals: it was by well-connected white men in suits, who needed powerful justification to get their wars on.
 
Point Two: NIST failed to conduct a forensic investigation (that could have revealed the use of explosives) on the materials, which violates numerous high-priority crime-fire investigation codes. By the time the 9/11 Commission was formed, the WTC materials had already been carted to China and destroyed.
 
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article17422.htm

Its true, why there?

Did you know that there is one just 4 blocks away that has been there before for the WTC? Should we tear it down too?

If Gingrich and Palin get their way and the mosque doesn't get built, it will be a huge poster for recruiting more terrorists.

 Somewhere in the wastelands of Pakistan and Afghanistan in a cave...

 They'll have a picture of Uncle Sam with his arm out, hand up saying, "Stop! We don't want your Islamic religion!

 And below it, one with bin Laden, hand waving saying, "Come! We'll defend Islam!"??

yes

An ad ---- reviving and capitalizing on the fear and angst of such a horrible moment in time. An ad -- selling fear-based ideology. An ad that uses the passing of thousands to sell their big0try. The American Freedom Defensive Initiative is not far different from the terrists they claim to be against.

Agreed. Faved.

Faved.

Triple-faved!

Quadruple

Quintuple.

What comes after Quintuple?
 
I'm it...
 
??Yes We Will !??Take The Pledge today?? *FWIW*

New York City has gone from being a truly unique place in America to being a huge mall. Now the only people that can afford to move here work for Walmart corporate HQ. Gag. This ad is just another symptom of this city going downhill.

How ironic that this mosque which is suppose to be a building that brings the community closer together is in fact a deliberate provocation. It is a slap in the face to those families who lost loved ones and every American.
 
Check out the definition of the original name of this building: cordoba house.
 
The name is based off of the Cordoba Initiative. The Cordoba Initiative is attempting to revisit some sort of mythical ??tolerance and respect?? which never existed.
 
What is irrefutable is that living under Islam, the non-Muslim population was always mandated to submit to Islam, accept discriminatory laws, and make payment of a mandatory Quranic tax imposed upon every non-Muslim.
 
So I can't see how this building will build peace among the citizens of New York or America when the very mission behind this building is to the exact opposite.

So no muslims died at 9/11, no muslims die because of terrorist attacks of islamists? Befor spitting out nonsense stuff better get the facts straight. More people of muslim faith die every year by terrorist acts of islamists and djihadists than any other group.

I think there were 59 or 60 muslims in the WTC that day who lost their lives.

What you seem to be missing is the fact that America is not a muslim country. It is not a difficult concept. And the existance of this community center is only a slap in the face of the thoughtless and\or bigoted. They sort of deserve it.

America is not a Christian country either. It's a country of several diverse religions.

America isn't a country of any religion...

Was Chrysler Motors funneling money to terrorists? They had a Chrysler Cordoba, and I'm just putting the pieces together...
 
Also, no one here is "living under Islam", so where are you going with that?
What is the mission behind this building, and how is a building necessary for the mission to be realized? Couldn't $100 million be better spent on this mission?

Are you suggesting that our strong American values and laws won't be able to stand up to a religion? You sell your country short by ignoring the freedom of all religions to practice their faith here, not just yours or mine.

How ironic that the group paying for the ad calls itself the American Freedom Defense Initiative. This whole controversy flies in the face of the freedoms and the tolerance that the United States claims as its shining star. The attitude is enshrined in our Bill of Rights. It is sad that in practice it does not always work that way. And shame on the politicians and pundits who are probably using this as a wedge issue for their own political and personal benefit.

You're not suggesting that this group's Freedom of Speech be abridged, are you, freedom-loving person that you make yourself out to be?

So it's okay to defend one group's freedom of speech calling for the suppression of another's?

Katzfey never said that. It looks to me like he or she was just pointing out the irony that a group with "freedom" in their name is campaigning to take away the freedom of others. Nobody is suggesting they shouldn't be allowed to say what they want, just pointing out that their name doesn't represent their actions.

How grand must it feel to be so self-righteous

Perhaps the KK&K will advertise next. Or maybe an ad for the NC-17 movie Nailin' Palin.

And I suppose the irony of this group suing to get their ad on a bus isn't lost on you either? "God forbid, their rights be infringed upon" (A Christian God, of course)

I guess Muslims have to go through the ring of fire like all new groups did here in America. Like the Irish, Jews, Italians, Japanese, Chinese, Filipinos and many other groups who have been belittled when they reached our shores, Muslims must endure the hate for a few years to finally be accepted as part of the american landscape.

How long will the hate against blacks and latinos last? Maybe your 'few years' will finally be 'a few centuries'

ah yes, the victim grows to be the victimizer. Beautiful.

  (41total)

[]
 
[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

  -

  -

